capital = 1026

recruit_character = XYI_Chudjak
recruit_character = XYI_Gnome
recruit_character = XYI_Paradox_Interactive
recruit_character = XYI_Klaus_Schwab
recruit_character = XYI_Default_Leader
recruit_character = XYI_Sergey_Belozersky
recruit_character = XYI_Volodymir_Zelenskyi
recruit_character = XYI_Glong
recruit_character = XYI_Thomas_Shelby
recruit_character = XYI_Werewolf
recruit_character = XYI_Janusz_Korwin_Mikke
recruit_character = XYI_Aleskandr_Jablonowski
recruit_character = XYI_Kurwa_Bobr
recruit_character = XYI_Joseph_Goebbels
recruit_character = XYI_Hans_Huttig
recruit_character = XYI_Ryszhard_Gejdrivsky
recruit_character = XYI_Erich_Honecker
recruit_character = XYI_Patrick_Bateman
recruit_character = XYI_Eli_Vance
recruit_character = XYI_Legoman
recruit_character = XYI_William_Afton
recruit_character = XYI_Joe_Biden
recruit_character = XYI_Ulrika_Meinhoff
recruit_character = XYI_Pontius_Pilat
recruit_character = XYI_Bebey
recruit_character = XYI_Vitaly_Tsal
recruit_character = XYI_Muammar_Cadaffi
recruit_character = XYI_Collective_Collective
recruit_character = XYI_Ernst_Rohm
recruit_character = XYI_Billy_Herrington
recruit_character = XYI_Van_Darkholme
recruit_character = XYI_Mikhail_Svetov
recruit_character = XYI_Mikhail_Pozharsky
recruit_character = XYI_council_of_300
recruit_character = XYI_Amane_Suzuha
recruit_character = XYI_Albert_Speer
recruit_character = XYI_Bashaar_Assad
recruit_character = XYI_Elon_Musk
recruit_character = XYI_Gunther_Fehlinger
recruit_character = XYI_Sanchous
recruit_character = XYI_Eugene_Ponasenkov
recruit_character = XYI_Heinrich_Himmler
recruit_character = GWF_Akemi_Homura
recruit_character = GWF_Kyubey
recruit_character = GWF_Contollable_Chaos
recruit_character = GWF_Sayaka_Miki
recruit_character = GWF_Hans_Filbinger
recruit_character = GWF_Otto_Tetsurstamm
recruit_character = GWF_Arthur_Juz

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = accelerationism
	elections_allowed = no
	last_election = "1935.12.17"
	election_frequency = 48
}

set_popularities = {
	accelerationism_1 = 14
	accelerationism = 69
	accelerationism_2 = 17
}

set_research_slots = 2
set_convoys = 69
add_stability = 0.14
add_war_support = 0.88

set_variable = {TNO_economy_type = token:Econ_Type_Planned }
set_variable = {TNO_economy_subtype = token:Econ_Subtype_Military_Directed }

TNO_startup_nation = yes 