capital = 1026

recruit_character = MAN_Kuan_Chung
recruit_character = MAR_Evgeny_Primakov
recruit_character = MAR_Vitaliy_Mukha
recruit_character = MAR_Mintimer_Shaymiev
recruit_character = MAR_Susanna_Pechuro
recruit_character = MAR_Mikhail_Nikolayev
recruit_character = MAR_Dmitry_Vasilyev
recruit_character = MAR_Vladimir_Zhirinovsky
recruit_character = UZB_Alexander_Rutskoj
recruit_character = KUR_Vladimir_Zhirinovsky
recruit_character = KUR_Saddam_Hussein
recruit_character = KUR_Collapsed_Authority
recruit_character = UZB_Nuritdin_Mukhitdinov

recruit_character = MTR_Military_Administration
recruit_character = MTV_Military_Administration
recruit_character = MBL_Military_Administration
recruit_character = MUK_Military_Administration
recruit_character = MBP_Military_Administration
recruit_character = MCS_Military_Administration
recruit_character = MKZ_Military_Administration

recruit_character = EST_Tonis_Kint
recruit_character = LAT_Anatols_Dinbergs
recruit_character = LIT_Stasys_Lozoraitis
recruit_character = MBP_Aleksandrs_Drizulis

recruit_character = BLR_Zianon_Pazniak
recruit_character = MBL_Tikhon_Kiselyov

recruit_character = UKR_Viacheslav_Chornovil
recruit_character = MUK_Oleksandr_Moroz

recruit_character = MTV_Bruno_Reiter

recruit_character = KRC_Vladimir_Khubiylany
recruit_character = KBR_Khachim_Karmokov
recruit_character = ABZ_Valerian_Kobakhia
recruit_character = CHY_Salambek_Khadzhiyev
recruit_character = DGS_Magomed_Yusupov
recruit_character = GEO_Eduard_Shevardnadze
recruit_character = AZR_Heydar_Aliyev
recruit_character = MCS_Dzhokhar_Dudayev
recruit_character = OSS_Akhsarbek_Galazov

recruit_character = UAR_Hafez_al_Assad
recruit_character = UAR_Ahmed_Hassan_al_Bakr
recruit_character = UAR_Salah_Jadid

recruit_character = MAR_Ioann_Amozov
recruit_character = MAR_Zosima_Panev
recruit_character = MAR_Mikhail_Vlasov
recruit_character = MAR_Andrei_Dikiy 
recruit_character = MAR_Ivan_Serov
recruit_character = MAR_Anatoly_Patrushev
recruit_character = MAR_Pyotr_Laschenko
recruit_character = MAR_Nikolai_Averin
recruit_character = MAR_Ludmilla_Kosygina
recruit_character = MAR_Zainab_Biisheva

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = despotism
	elections_allowed = no
	last_election = "1935.12.17"
	election_frequency = 48
}

set_popularities = {
	communist = 1
	ultranationalism = 0
	socialist = 0
	progressivism = 0
	liberalism = 0
	conservatism = 0
	paternalism = 0
	despotism = 30
	fascism = 0
	national_socialism = 69
	
}

set_research_slots = 3
set_convoys = 200
add_stability = 0.46
add_war_support = 0.75

set_variable = {TNO_economy_type = token:Econ_Type_Planned }
set_variable = {TNO_economy_subtype = token:Econ_Subtype_Military_Directed }

TNO_startup_nation = yes 